Chapter 0

OUTLINE

We are introduced to the player's ship, the <Ship Name>. It is currently docked at <Nestor Station>,
being serviced. The ship is docked in a "dry dock" with it's hangar doors closed. We get to see various close
ups of the ship and the hangar while the ship is booted up and getting ready to undock.
The hangar doors open and the ship maneuvers outside the hangar.

After having performed tests on the RCS thrusters, the ship engages its main engines to start testing its
weapon systems. The test involves launching drones, targeting them and performing simulated combat.
The point defense system is tested by having the drones fire "blank" missiles at the ship. Finally,
the primarily offensive weapons are tested against drones.

Once all tests have been performed, the ship reports ready status and is assigned to a high value freighter leaving
<Nestor Station> for LEO. The ship is tasked to intercept the freighter and protect it all the way to earth.

A few uneventful days pass as both ships intercept an SOS from a freighter of the same corporation.
They report the distress call to HQ and the player's captain decides to heed the call.

Once the distress call's location is found and intercepted, we find a badly damaged ship as well as lots of debries.
The ship is circled and it is decided that the player should dock with the remains to salvage whatever information
they can (there are no magical scanners that do this from afar).

The captain puts together a small crew and proceeds to board the other vessel. Once aboard, a volley of missiles
is detected that head both for the <Ship Name> as well as the badly damaged vessel. They are too many
to be fully intercepted by the point defense system and they strike both the wreck as well as the <Ship Name>.

The player, as executive officer, has to take command and defeat the pirate ship that was hiding in the debries field.
The mission ends once the ship is defeated.


SCRIPT

A space station is shown, orbiting a moon (Titan) of Jupiter is shown.

<Insert radio chatter>

Cut to inside of station.
We see a ship inside a hangar.

It looks like the ship was in maintenance.

We see personel leaving the hangar.
Docking clamps are released.
The hangar door opens.

Captian: "This is <Ship Name>. Requesting permission for take off"
Station: "This is <Nestor Station>. Roger <Ship Name>, you are cleared for take off. Godspeed."

The ship's reactors come alive.
Lights go on, the engine starts to spool (but isn't fired inside the station!).
The ship's RCS thrusters rotate the ship around and move it outside the station.

The ship slowly drifts away from the station.

We see sections of the station crossing paths with the ship as it drifts away.
A tanker from the surface of Titan is proceding to dock.
Another (interplanetary) tanker is leaving the Jupiter System for the inner colonies.

Captian: "XO, Set course to intercept the <Sister Ship Name>. We will support her in patrolling LTO."
XO: "Aye Aye, Cpt."

<The player has to input the course to intercept <Sister Ship Name>>

We see the ship's main engine firing up, slowly accelerating the ship.
We look back at <Nestor Station>, getting smaller and smaller.

<End Chapter>